Better doc for channel config via operator (#2990)
knative/docs: docs/install/operator/configuring-eventing-cr.md

Eventing has multiple ConfigMaps, most of them are named with the prefix `config-`. The `spec.config` in `KnativeEventing` has one entry
`<name>` for each ConfigMap named `config-<name>`, with a value which will be used for the ConfigMap's `data`.

### Setting the default channel

For example, if you would like to change your default channel from `InMemoryChannel` into `KafkaChannel`, here is what
your Eventing CR looks like, to modify the ConfigMap `default-ch-webhook`:

```
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeEventing
metadata:
  name: knative-eventing
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  config:
    default-ch-webhook:
      default-ch-config: |
        clusterDefault:
          apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1beta1
          kind: KafkaChannel
          spec:
            numPartitions: 10
            replicationFactor: 1
        namespaceDefaults:
          my-namespace:
            apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1beta1
            kind: KafkaChannel
            spec:
              numPartitions: 10
              replicationFactor: 1
```

> The `clusterDefault` sets the global, cluster based default. Inside the `namespaceDefaults` you can configure the channel defaults on a per namespace base.

Reviewer: would it be useful to have a difference configuration here for the specified namespace? I wonder if it's confusing because they are both the same, so there's really no need to do this? Maybe we should have a mixed configuration, one using kafka and one using something else?

Author: true :-)

Reviewer 2: @matzew do you plan to update one of these maybe to IMC?

Author: yeah, I can do that

> ### Setting the default channel for the broker

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't we capitalize object names such as Channel and Broker? Not sure how it's done in the rest of the docs, but I see mixed capitalization in this particular file.

Author: I've changed that !

> For example, if you are using a Channel-based Broker and you would like to change the brokers default channel from `InMemoryChannel` into `KafkaChannel`, here is what your Eventing CR looks like, to modify the ConfigMap `config-br-default-channel`:

Reviewer: I'd take out the 'For example, ' in the beginning and just say something like:
If you are using a Channel-based Broker...

Author: ok. cool

Eventing has multiple ConfigMaps, most of them are named with the prefix `config-`. The `spec.config` in `KnativeEventing` has one entry
`<name>` for each ConfigMap named `config-<name>`, with a value which will be used for the ConfigMap's `data`.

### Setting the default channel

For example, if you would like to change your default channel from `InMemoryChannel` into `KafkaChannel`, here is what
your Eventing CR looks like, to modify the ConfigMap `default-ch-webhook`:

```
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeEventing
metadata:
  name: knative-eventing
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  config:
    default-ch-webhook:
      default-ch-config: |
        clusterDefault:
          apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1beta1
          kind: KafkaChannel
          spec:
            numPartitions: 10
            replicationFactor: 1
        namespaceDefaults:
          my-namespace:
            apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
            kind: InMemoryChannel
            spec:
              delivery:
                backoffDelay: PT0.5S
                backoffPolicy: exponential
                retry: 5
```

> The `clusterDefault` sets the global, cluster based default. Inside the `namespaceDefaults` you can configure the channel defaults on a per namespace base.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `clusterDefault` sets the global, cluster based default. Inside the `namespaceDefaults` you can configure the channel defaults on a per namespace basis.
```

something like per need basis, or "you can configure the channel defaults per namespace as needed"

### Setting the default channel for the broker

> If you are using a channel-based broker and you would like to change the brokers default channel from `InMemoryChannel` into `KafkaChannel`, here is what your Eventing CR looks like, to modify the ConfigMap `config-br-default-channel`:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you are using a channel-based broker and you would like to change the brokers default channel, from `InMemoryChannel` to `KafkaChannel`, here is an example of what your Eventing CR would look like when modifying the ConfigMap `config-br-default-channel`:
```

^ maybe that reads better. changing from to, instead of into maybe? Possibly would sound better above too.
